1. Misleading Or False Shops
Shops must not be misleading, fraudulent, or deceptive.
For Example:
i.  Scams
ii. A shop that makes a false promise of money if you view

2.  Impersonation
Shops must not impersonate or falsely represent a brand, entity, or public figure. Where a Shop is being used to express support for or interest in a brand, entity, or public figure, it must make clear in the name or description that it is not an official representation.
For Example:
i.   Impersonating a shop

3.  Gambling
Shops must not facilitate or promote online gambling, online real money, games of skill, or online lotteries without our prior written permission.

4.  Inaccurately Tagged Content
Shops must not inaccurately tag content or encourage users to inaccurately tag content.

5.  Incentivization
Shops must not incentivize people to misuse WonderScale features or functionality.
For Example:
i.  Encouraging users to give false reviews in return for free goods

Promotions on Shops
Communicating a Promotion
If you use WonderScale to communicate or administer a promotion (ex: a contest or sweepstakes), you are responsible for the lawful operation of that promotion, including:
i.   The official rules;
     Offer terms and eligibility requirements (ex: age and residency restrictions); and
     Compliance with applicable rules and regulations governing the promotion and all prizes offered (ex: registration and obtaining necessary regulatory approvals).

ii.  Required Content
     Promotions on WonderScale must include the following:
     A complete release of WonderScale by each entrant or participant; and
     Acknowledgement that the promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed, administered by or associated with WonderScale.

iii. Administration of a Promotion
     Promotions may be administered on Shops, or within apps on WonderScale. Personal Timelines and friend connections must not be used to administer promotions (ex: “share on your Timeline to enter” or “share on your friend's Timeline to get additional entries”, and "tag your friends in this post to enter" are not permitted).

iv.  Assisting Promotions
     WonderScale will not assist you in the administration of your promotion, and you agree that if you use our service to administer your promotion, you do so at your own risk.

Collecting Data From Users
If you collect content and information directly from users, your Shop must make it clear that you (and not WonderScale) are collecting it, and must provide notice about and obtain user consent for your use of the content and information that you collect. Regardless of how you obtain content and information from users, you are responsible for securing all necessary permissions to reuse their content and information.

Automated Collection of Data
Your Shop must not collect users' content or information, or otherwise access WonderScale, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without written permission from WonderScale.

Calls to Action
Your Shop cannot use information obtained from a person’s interaction with your Shop's call-to-action button for any purpose other than to provide the service associated with the call-to-action button. If you want to use this information for any other purpose, first obtain a person’s explicit consent.

Shops-Specific Policies
1.  Platform Policy
    Apps on your Shop must comply with the WonderScale Platform Policy.
2.  Shop Names
    Shop names must not include profanity, excessively incorrect grammar or punctuation, and must not consist solely of generic terms or locations.
3.  Content Visibility
    Content posted to a Shop is public and can be viewed by everyone who can see the Shop.
4.  Third Party Brands and Profile Photos
    Your Shop's cover photo or profile picture must not include third-party products, brands or sponsors.
5.  Showmarks
    Showmarks on Show Shops must accurately represent the show, and must not represent the parent entity or network.
6.  Online Pharmacies
    Shops must not promote the sale of prescription pharmaceuticals. Shops for online pharmacies may be permitted with WonderScale's prior approval.
7.  Age Gating
    You must restrict access by age using WonderScale Shop gating functionality as necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
8.  Post Preview
    When sharing a third party link from your Shop, you must not edit any elements of the post preview.
9.  Upload Functionality
    You must not misuse WonderScale's upload functionality in connection with your Shop
10. Name Change and Merges
    Name changes and merges must not result in a misleading or unintended connection and must not substantially change the Shop’s subject matter
11. Regulated Goods
    Shops promoting the private sale of regulated goods or services (including firearms, alcohol, tobacco, or adult products) must restrict access to a minimum age of 18.

Misleading, Deceptive, or Fraudulent Jobs
Job posts must not promote employment opportunities that are misleading, deceptive, or fraudulent.
For Example:
i.   Multi-level marketing schemes
ii.  Unclear business models that do not explicitly state how to make money or how value is created
iii. Posts asking for payment prior to applying

Illegal Products and Services
Job posts must not promote employment opportunities that involve illegal activity, products, or services.
For Example:
i.   Illegal criminal activity
ii.  Use, sale, or service of illegal drugs
iii. Human trafficking
iv.  Counterfeit documents or currency

Discrimination
Job posts must not unlawfully discriminate against applicants based on any protected characteristics, including, but not limited to, race, ethnicity, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family status, disability, medical or genetic condition or any other basis protected under federal, state or local law. Job posts must comply with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination.
For Example:
i.   Only looking for female applicants
ii.  Must be under age 35 to apply
iii. No Catholic applicants welcome
iv.  Unmarried applicants preferred

Sexually Suggestive Jobs
Job posts must not promote employment opportunities in a sexually suggestive manner.
For Example:
i.   Explicit sexual language
ii.  Implied sexual acts
iii. Images with implied nudity

Adult Products and Services
Job posts must not promote employment opportunities that require adult services or use of adult products.
For Example:
i.   Escort services
ii.  Jobs that involve sex toys
iii. Jobs that involve sexual enhancement products
iv.  Jobs that involve videos, publications or live shows that are sexual in nature or involve nudity

Personal Information
Job posts must not solicit personal identification or financial information from any potential applicants.
For Example:
i.   Credit card information
ii.  Bank account information
iii. Government issued ID information

Events-Specific Policies
1.  Automated Events
    Events cannot use automated means to generate event invites.
2.  Cost Disclosures
    Events must provide clear and up-front disclosure for any actions or additional costs associated with an event ticket purchase.